Donald Trump is here tonight...
Now I know that he's taken some flak lately, but...
No one is happier, no one is prouder to put
this birth certificate matter to rest
than the Donald. And that's because he
can finally get back to focusing
on the issues that matter. Like...
Did we fake the moon landing?
What really happened in Roswell?
And where are Biggie and Tupac?
All kidding aside obviously we all know
about your credentials and breadth of
experience...
For example.. No, seriously just recently
in an episode of Celebrity
Apprentice at the steak house...
The Men's cooking team did not impress the judges
from Omaha Steaks.
And there was a lot of blame to go around,
but you, Mr. Trump, recognized that the
real problem was a lack of leadership
and so ultimately you didn't blame
little Jon or meatloaf...
You fired Gary Busey.
and these are the kind of decisions that
would keep me up at night.
Well handled, sir! Well handled!
Say what you will about Mr. Trump he
certainly would bring some change to the
White House. Let's see what we've got up there..
Sitting at the same table, I see Mike
Bloomberg.
Mike, a combative controversial
New York billionaire is leading the GOP
primary
and it is not you!
That has to sting a little bit.
Although, it's not an entirely fair
comparison between you and the Donald.
After all, Mike was a big-city mayor...
He knows policy in-depth...
And he's actually worth the amount of money that he says he is!
Well let me conclude tonight on a more serious note.
I want to thank the Washington Press Corps.
I want to thank Carol for all that you do.
You know, the Free Press is central to our democracy, and...
Nah! I'm just kidding!
You know I've got to talk about Trump!
Come on!
We weren't just gonna stop there!
Although I am a little hurt that he's
not here tonight!
We had so much fun the last time!
And it is surprising. You've
got a room full of Reporters, Celebrities,
Cameras, and he says no.
Is this dinner
too tacky for the Donald?
What could he possibly be doing instead?
Is he at home, eating a Trump Steak,
Tweeting out insults to Angela Merkel?
What's he doing?
The Republican establishment is
incredulous
that he's their most likely nominee. Incredulous! Shocking!
They say Donald lacks the foreign policy experience to be President.
But in fairness, he has spent years meeting with leaders from around the world...
Miss Sweden,
Miss Argentina,
Miss Azerbaijan!
And there's one area where Donald's
experience could be invaluable...
and that's closing Guantanamo because Trump
knows a thing or two about
running waterfront properties into the ground.
all right that's probably enough I mean
we've got more material no no I don't
want to spend too much time on the
Donald following your lead I want to
show some restraint because I think we
can all agree that from the start he's
gotten the appropriate amount of
coverage befitting the seriousness of
his candidacy I hope you all are proud
of yourselves
the guy wanted to give this hotel
business a boost and now we're praying
that Cleveland makes it through July
mm-hmm it's not the fault of immigrants
or unions or some liberal socialist
scheme it's very simple Republicans in
Congress and Republican governors have
been blocking these ideas for the last
eight years is that simple so so look I
just want to be clear not everybody
votes on the economy I understand there
are other issues but if your concern is
who's going to look out for working
families if you're voting your
pocketbook
if you're asking who's actually going to
stand up for the guy on the construction
site or the guy in in the factory or the
woman who's cleaning a hotel room or or
just somebody who's really working hard
the working family if that's your
concern
this isn't even a choice because the
other side has nothing off for you
the other side's got nothing on for you
I'm going a little off script here but I
just want to repeat this if your concern
is working people then this is not a
choice I don't care whether you're white
black Hispanic Native American polka dot
male/female care if what you care is
who's going to be fighting for ordinary
folks who are fighting for a better life
for themselves and their children then I
don't know how you vote for the guy
who's against a minimum wage against
unions against making sure that
everybody gets a fair shot against
legislation for equal pay against sick
leave and and family leave it against
all the things that working families
care about so if you're voting for the
other team it's not because of the
economy it's not because of the economy
you got to be got to be clear about that
I'm either even even if even there even
the Republicans on the other side don't
really know what the guy's talking about
they really don't they really don't you
ask him they're all like I don't know
then they've gotta duck the other way i
am i joking no so so you can choose a
path that divides us with harsh rhetoric
and pits working people against each
other
all the while pushing policies that will
just help folks at the top doing better
but that's not helping working families
or we can transform our politics so
they're responsive to working families
so that all people of all races and all
backgrounds does get a higher wage and
all folks get quality health care at a
decent retirement and all children in
this country get a better education that
lets them dream bigger than their
circumstances that's what Hillary
Clinton believes and that's why I'm
supporting her for president the United
States and that's why you should too
now that to me that in and of itself
would be enough to make the choice but
we've got some other choices you can go
the path that denies climate change is
real or you can choose a path where
American jobs and businesses lead the
world to combat it you know over the
last seven years we have doubled
renewable energy in this country we
remember remember when we were all
concerned about our dependence on
foreign oil well let me tell you we've
cut the amount of oil we buy from other
countries in half remember when the
other team was promising they were going
to get gas prices down in like ten years
and we did it did it so so we've been
able to shape an energy policy that's
good for families good for your
pocketbook and with secretary Clinton's
help America ultimately led nearly 200
other nations to an agreement to save
this planet for future generations
maybe maybe you don't care about this
maybe you think ninety-nine percent of
scientists are wrong or you can welcome
but but but the point is we're not done
with this so where we go from here is up
to you you can vote with the climate
deniers who want to tear up the
agreements we've crafted and doom our
kids to a more dangerous world or you
can vote to keep putting people back to
work building a cleaner energy future
for all of us that's part of what's at
stake in this in this election that's
one of the reasons I'm supporting
Hillary Clinton for president you know
Hillary mentioned how we operate on the
world stage
now let me just say I know the other
guys talks about making America great
again I America is really great
and just the other day somebody was
writing about wow when you look at the
surveys in the world turns out that when
Obama came enough is the world didn't
think we were that great but now they
think we're the greatest but then we're
the strongest they think we're the best
position we we were in a hole before I
came into office but right now the world
the rest of the world thinks we're
pretty darn great and by the way you can
look that up that that's effect that's
not like just something I just made up
and tweet it so you know they're
actually like surveys done they pull
people so you actually know what people
think you don't just assert it and it
turns out that's what they think you can
look it up